CHOCOLATE ECLAIRS

Into a granite-ware saucepan put half a pint of milk, two well-rounded
tablespoonfuls of butter, and one tablespoonful of sugar, and place on
the stove. When this boils up, add half a pint of sifted flour, and cook
for two minutes, beating well with a wooden spoon. It will be smooth and
velvety at the end of that time. Set away to cool; and when cool, beat
in four eggs, one at a time. Beat vigorously for about fifteen minutes.
Try a small bit of the paste in the oven; and if it rises in the form of
a hollow ball, the paste is beaten enough; whereas, if it does not, beat
a little longer. Have tin sheets or shallow pans slightly buttered. Have
ready, also, a tapering tin tube, with the smaller opening about
three-quarters of an inch in diameter. Place this in the small end of a
conical cotton pastry bag. Put the mixture in the bag, and press out on
buttered pans, having each eclair nearly three inches long. There should
be eighteen, and they must be at least two inches apart, as they swell
in cooking. Bake in a moderately hot oven for about twenty-five minutes.
Take from the oven, and while they are still warm coat them with
chocolate. When cold, cut open on the side, and fill with either of the
following described preparations:

FILLING NO. 1.--Mix in a bowl half a pint of rich cream, one teaspoonful
of vanilla, and four tablespoonfuls of sugar. Place the bowl in a pan of
ice-water, and beat the cream until light and firm, using either an
egg-beater or a whisk.

FILLING NO. 2.--Put half a pint of milk into a double-boiler, and place
on the fire. Beat together until very light one level tablespoonful of
flour, half a cupful of sugar, and one egg. When the milk boils, stir in
this mixture. Add one-eighth of a teaspoonful of salt, and cook for
fifteen minutes, stirring often. When cold, flavor with one teaspoonful
of vanilla.

ICING FOR ECLAIRS.--Put in a small granite-ware pan half a pint of sugar
and five tablespoonfuls of cold water. Stir until the sugar is
partially melted, and then place on the stove, stirring for half a
minute. Take out the spoon, and watch the sugar closely. As soon as it
boils, take instantly from the fire and pour upon a meat-platter. Let
this stand for eight minutes. Meantime, shave into a cup one ounce of
Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1 Chocolate, and put it on the fire in
a pan of boiling water. At the end of eight minutes stir the sugar with
a wooden spoon until it begins to grow white and to thicken. Add the
melted chocolate quickly, and continue stirring until the mixture is
thick. Put it in a small saucepan, and place on the fire in another pan
of hot water. Stir until so soft that it will pour freely. Stick a
skewer into the side of an eclair, and dip the top in the hot chocolate.
Place on a plate, and continue until all the eclairs are "glaced." They
will dry quickly. Do not stir the sugar after the first half minute, and
do not scrape the sugar from the saucepan into the platter. All the
directions must be strictly followed.